thank you turn a fairly small rate
however some of the bigger tanks of the
Sherman am 60 K of the later four
periods both World War two and the cold
floor had a turning radius of about
thirty to sixty
is all good they 37-millimeter bangun
into 30 calibers and like these 19
machine guns
at schools LD
let me drive it I want over some shit
the vehicles birdies light as far as
weight and the armor on it's only about
a ditch and a hands two inches say snow
going up against the German armor of
World War two they were very ineffective
saver design when the most part of the
US tanks were designed as a infantry
support vehicle versus a tank on tank
vehicle the true in the truth tank
vehicle was the tank destroyer